we went through some periods with the
team that uncovered some weaknesses and
I'd rather get it out at MSI so that
when we get to Worlds we don't have that
for the first time well we're back at it
again the first day of the first week of
the summer split of LCS I'm joined right
now by Steve with coverage presented by
Omni slash to talk a little bit about
your first win of the split so you guys
just be hundred thieves how did you
expect that going into today to be
honest yes I knew that the team
practiced quite you know a lot and they
were prepared so yeah the the team is
looking really clean at the only thing
that makes me a little bit nervous is
that the meta is so atypical that you
have to put a real emphasis during the
band pit process and if you end up going
against competition where you have like
a higher probability to lose just you
know from band pick it makes a little
bit harder but at the same time what
you're also seeing is that some pro
players are overeager to play certain
champions that they actually haven't
mastered yet so you kind of have the
ability to exploit that when you have
you know somebody that thinks that they
can play a certain champion but then
they go out and it's like oh that looks
real bad you know so so you kind of have
both of those in play for us you know we
we stuck with like comfortable picks we
feel like we have a okay understanding
of the meta it's still being developed
but yeah we were pretty confident is the
team enjoying the - shift because I know
it's like either players seem to either
hate it or love it right like Peter was
saying that he loves the idea that can
play other stuff other players are just
like trashing it I don't know how the
team feels overall overall I think the
team is actually enjoying the meta I
think you have more kind of all in -
vers - in the mid lane you have more
like bruiser versus bruiser it's not
just oh Sh of the lane and roam shove
the lane in Rome which was a little bit
of last you know last split and I think
there's also so much variety it's like
you can have a lot more combinations in
order to achieve you know a successful
result so you have to be more nimble
during the ban pic process the
of what I've heard is that the players
are enjoying it you know it's difficult
I think some players are like oh my gosh
I just wanna play the same champion over
and over and over like you're gonna make
me relearn another champion like I'm
gonna cry about it but I think our
players are pretty adaptable and so
they're like oh I get to play this
fun champion like cool I'll try it
what's going on with this cuz last split
you guys you'd built this team there's a
big talk about like whether and I was
gonna be you or TSM TSM went out early
in playoffs
cloud9 just had like a crazy mix-up with
their roster right before this do you
feel like you have a rivalry with any of
the teams and and you've always had a
rivalry with with Steve or sorry with
Jack and Andy do you feel like you have
that here I mean what what is summer
split like for you you know I think in
order for there to be a rivalry there
has to be like a good matchup of
competitive skill I think in terms of
cloud 9 at least now it doesn't look
great right like if they stick with the
same roster I don't think that will you
know they're gonna be kind of an easy
matchup so there's no real rivalry right
but maybe they'll switch back some of
their players I don't know if it's
temporary so kind of see over time in
terms of TSM you know they have the
potential to I think put it in another
gear we just haven't seen that yet you
know it was kind of high expectations
and then they faltered and they didn't
really recover and so for me I just kind
of want to see if they're gonna show up
so they're about to play right now we're
gonna find out how they do against CLG
and if they start showing up then I
think yeah they'll be a little bit of a
rivalry you know but if we're just like
stomping them then it's not gonna be fun
I heard there was an owners meeting
yesterday do you want to talk a little
bit about how that was I mean I'm sure
you can't give specifics on anything in
particular but you know house the owner
Riot relationship going these days yeah
I mean right now it's it's pretty
collaborative to be honest so we
separated into various different
committees within the team structure and
each committee is set up with a certain
amount of teams and then they work with
riot and we talk about certain things so
it's like there's a market
committee and so the marketing committee
will come up with cool ideas that we
should be doing to increase viewership
and engagement like oh we should do some
chat like actually this tailgate thing
was part of that where the marketing
committee was like look it sucks because
everybody has to stand in line and
there's no assigned seating
but we want people to like have more fun
in the parking lot and so that was a
change and then you know the parking lot
was full people having a good time this
split so you know there's small
improvements Riots listening you know
and they're being collaborative with the
teams I thought it was I thought it was
a great meeting you know there was there
was some great discussion it wasn't just
kumbaya there was some like butting of
heads but I think that that's healthy
for you know to move the needle to
impact change like you got to get a
little uncomfortable sometimes and so
there's some of that and there was and
then there was like a great dinner
afterwards so we got to hang out and and
and and you know chat a little bit more
in a less serious level are you on any
of the committee's are you committee
head there's no actual head of any
committee but I am on a committee I
don't know if I'm allowed to say Oh
committee I guess that maybe that's
breaching India yeah so I'm on a
committee on a committee we don't know
which committee we know there's a
marketing committee that might that
might be the one who knows all right
other than that look at what are the
expectations for tea ala split and what
are you guys doing to meet those
expectations expectations this place
first without a doubt I think we want to
develop as players so the expectation is
that the players learn more during this
split and become better we went to msi
and made some mistakes like we went
through some periods with the team that
uncovered some weaknesses and I'd rather
get it out at MSI so that when we get to
worlds we don't have that for the first
time so we learned quite a bit
expectations
work really hard we put a huge emphasis
on psychology towards the middle of last
split so when we were in seventh place
we decided to bring in a sports
psychologist Jared and a couple other
mental coaches and we just went really
hard on that
more so than just like saying oh yeah
meet with the mental coach and whatever
it was like serious and we use like a
licensed sports psychologist so I think
that was something that we want to
really focus on during the summer as
well anything you want to say to any of
the fans out there yes so it was pretty
amazing today to host the banner or kind
of watch the banner fall so you could
see a team liquid it's pretty awesome
and you know thanks for being fans of
the organization hopefully we can
continue this streak and kind of assert
dominance within the league and go to
the world championships for the first
time for Team Liquid and in League of
Legends and kind of show that not only
are we like really good in League of
Legends but you know all of the other
games that were winning in and making it
to the finals that we can do that to in
league we're good thank you so much to
you for the interview for everyone else
you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things summer split
right here on my youtube channel
this is annoyed she's the woman that
does all the emotes from my twitch
channel and she says she only does it
for people who are actually very popular
so if you don't sub to my channel and
watch my videos she said that she's
never gonna do any more emails during
twitch channel see look she's already
leaving because I'm becoming less
popular she's looking for popular people
to do emails for her thanks so much to
Omni slash but please subscribe and go
follow my twitch channel which I also
put in the description when she's gone